hi everyone so today I wanted to review
the gnashing clone which I showed you in
my last haul the lighting is epically
yellow today I'm the weather is
miserable so I am relying on artificial
lights obviously so the price of this
foundation is a hundred dollars here in
Australia I did not pay a hundred
dollars for this foundation I got my nah
she blew off all cosmetics wholesale com
for $45 like that was included shipping
which was like an amazing saving
considering that you can buy Mac Studio
Fix fluid for forty nine dollars here in
Australia um and yeah so I paid even
cheaper than that so that was a plus the
foundation just looks like this so it
comes in a glass bottle with a typical
nas rubber black top and I got mine in
the color Tahoe which is medium dark to
the color selection is massive I think
you could probably easily find your
color if you wanted to try at this
foundation I find it really hard to find
a color for myself so I can I understand
how frustrating it can be and I really
like that they have this big selection
of colors this foundation is recommended
for dry skin I myself have oily skin but
I have seen so many YouTube Gru's if you
have oily skin say that the naxi glow
has worked really really well for them
typically this foundation lasts about
eight hours on the skin I have wanted to
work where I've had a nine hour shift
and it looked really really good at the
end of the day I would say that I would
probably have needed to touch it up but
I didn't and to me it still looked
really really nice I think that a
touch-up would have made it look if it
would have given it that more flawless
sort of look but I still think that it
will
nice on me I have applied this
foundation a couple of different ways I
have used that flat top brush that I
showed you in my Revlon Colorstay review
I have used a normal foundation brush a
sponge and then today i received my
Sigma f80 brush so I applied it with
that and probably out of all the brushes
I like the f80 the best but all the
brushes seem to make it look a little
bit cakey and for me for some reason um
when I like apply my foundations with a
brush or something it makes my
foundation look a lot darker than with
then when I use my finger I have just
ended up using my fingers with the nice
shade glow and it honestly looks the
best that way for me um I found when I
used a brush the foundation would sort
sort of stick to the dry patch that I
have right in the middle of my forehead
and I don't find that with my fingers um
it lasts a lot longer when I use my
fingers as well for some reason when I
used to brush it was not honestly I wore
it out to the movies with my mom and I
was honestly probably out for three 3
hours 4 hours and I came home and it was
patchy it was really really patchy and
extremely extremely oily I don't know
why that is I used the exact same like
primer and stuff like that so I don't
know if it was like I don't know why it
didn't work well with the brush but the
fingers for me has worked really well
and nice also recommend that you use
your fingers so it's easy it's cheap you
may as well use your fingers this
foundation is really moisturizing
obviously because it's recommended for
people with dry skin I feel as though I
wouldn't be able to use this foundation
in summer I would it would just probably
be one big mess but now that it's winter
it honestly has worked really really
well I think that for me this foundation
is about medium to buildable coverage
but I really think if you wanted sheer
coverage that you could do that as well
you honestly for me I don't use that
much
probably use a pea-sized amount and that
covers my whole face because it's such a
nice smooth creamy foundation the
blending is it blends like a dream I
have no problems with that it's easy and
it's really fast I feel like I don't
need to you know work on the blending I
even apply more foundation on my problem
areas well areas that I find I want more
coverage on like the area around my
cheeks and a little bit on my forehead
and even adding that little bit more
foundation it still didn't look cakey it
looks like a second skin which I really
like because you don't get that with a
lot of foundations I felt I found it
really hard to find a powder that really
helped set the foundation and control
the oil and shine that may not have been
controlled if I didn't use a powder I
used a couple of different ones from a
couple of different brands I used you
know cover girl rimmel rebel rebel on
and I really think that I really liked
this Rimmel I used it to different river
once but I really like to stay matte
this is in the color silky beige which
is like extremely extremely white but I
feel like it's really translucent so I
don't really have to worry about the
color payoff but honestly that probably
controls the shine the best out of all
the powders that I own it looks super
natural all day if I use that powder I
would definitely recommend this
foundation to people who have dry skin I
found it to be really moisturizing as as
I was sort of experiencing a little bit
of dryness in the start of winter so I
thought that this would help a little
bit and honestly it really does i find
it to be really moisturizing so I try
not to apply too much moisturizer when i
use this foundation but it really works
really well with my skin at the moment I
don't know what it's going to be like in
summer but as I said I really assume
that it's going to be a big best so I
probably won't be using any
the summer but it's really really nice
if you have oily skin I still think that
you could try it i mean i don't have the
oily skin and maybe mine is a little bit
more oily to combination but i still
think that you'd be able to try it and
you just need to find a powder that
works really well with the foundation um
I wouldn't just pick any powder because
that's what I I always just used to
think you know I can set my foundation
with any sort of powder and that will
control the shine that obviously was not
the case of this foundation but yeah I
also think another thing that played a
really big role with his foundation is a
primer I needed a private that would
help make it last all day and sort of um
help with shine so yeah I think you
would need a really good primer really
good powder and this foundation would
work flawlessly as it has been since
I've been using my fingers and I'm
really really liking it the only thing
that I would honestly say is a bad thing
about this and that's probably a fault
of my own is that I have to control
shine but other than that every other
thing is perfect about this foundation
explaining the fact that it has no pump
nas really need to work on making a
foundation with a pump instead of making
people buy a pump considering how
expensive this foundation already is Mac
also need to learn from that anyway but
yeah that's pretty much it hopefully
this has helped someone and any
questions just post it down below and i
will reply i will see you guys later and
thank you so much for watching bye